Why do we still look like this?
- Huh?
Wow!
Much better!
What is the meaning of life?
Is there a God or a spiritual dimension?
I tried so many different identities.
I wasn’t really sure exactly who I should be.
What am I putting my hope in?
What can I do to change the world?
That little feeling of love,
it changed my life forever.
[What’s on your mind?]
Welcome to the conversation.
Hello, everyone.
Let’s go.
Wow!
See you, Isaac.
We are on the Sea of Galilee.
Really freak out!
Aah!
Engaging landing gear.
My avatar looks good.
Guys, I had to try.
Alpha was created to be a space to listen,
ask questions, and explore the deeper
questions of life and faith.
Alpha is a space where you can share
what you think and how you feel.
I believed I could do anything
I set my mind to.
This is your space.
Everybody wants to be happy.
What makes you happy?
Pizza.
Dogs and cats.
Your journey is just getting started.